---
layout: post
title: Use Git to Manage Your Time
description: Ipsum dolor sit amet
image: assets/images/timesheet.jpeg
---

Donec eget ex magna. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. Pellentesque venenatis dolor imperdiet dolor mattis sagittis.
**A gem that uses your git commits to manage a Freshbooks timesheet**

As an extension to my git-based timesheet I [wrote about at the beginning of the year](http://davidstump.net/blog/2012/12/31/add-a-simple-git-timesheet/), I went ahead and setup a self contained gem with some additional features. The gem, mytime, can be found at: [rubygems.org/gems/mytime](http://rubygems.org/gems/mytime) as well as [github.com/davidstump/mytime](https://github.com/davidstump/mytime) for your browsing pleasure.

The mytime gem uses your git commit history, in the same manner as the timesheet alias did, to pull a log of your daily activities. Once you have this daily history, you can tell mytime to ‘push’ all of your commits as a timesheet log to Freshbooks using their API. Additionally, you can ‘submit’ custom timesheet entries to Freshbooks as needed.

**MyTime Documentation**

Use your git commit history to track your time. Uses Freshbooks API.

**Installation**

Add this line to your application’s Gemfile:

    gem 'mytime'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install mytime

**Usage**

To link to your Freshbooks account (you will need your Freshbooks username and API token):

    $ mytime setup

To initialize mytime in a project directory:

    $ mytime init

To see project details:

    $ mytime project

To list log:

    $ mytime status

To submit custom time entry:

    $ mytime commit [hrs] [custom_message]
    $ mytime commit  1.5 "Add an additional note if desired"

To push your git logs from today for a given project:

    $ mytime push [hrs]
    $ mytime push 4.5

I would love some feedback and/or pull requests to extend this little gem to include other timesheets, features, etc. I made this to help myself keep track of my daily commits per project, but hopefully it helps out a few others along the way. Thanks for reading!

**Cheers!**
